script

declare_show_me				; Used to automatically open the advisor text bubble when advance_advice_thread is called

suspend_during_battle on
suspend_unscripted_advice true

;console_command toggle_perfect_spy

;;;
;;; 6-turns per year script
;;;

monitor_event ScrollAdviceRequested ScrollAdviceRequested end_game_scroll
    terminate_script
end_monitor


console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 0
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 1
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 2
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 3
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 4
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 5
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 6
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 7
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 8
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 9
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 10
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 11
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 12
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 13
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 14
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 15
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 16
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 17
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 18
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 19
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 20
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 21
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 22
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 23
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 24
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 25
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 26
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 27
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 28
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 29
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 30
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 31
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 32
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 33
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 34
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 35
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 36
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 37
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 38
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 39
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 40
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 41
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 42
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 43
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 44
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 45
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 46
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 47
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 48
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 49
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 50
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 51
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 52
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 53
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 54
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 55
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 56
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 57
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 58
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 59
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 60
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 61
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 62
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 63
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 64
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 65
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 66
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 67
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 68
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 69
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 70
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 71
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 72
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 73
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 74
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 75
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 76
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 77
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 78
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 79
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 80
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 81
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 82
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 83
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 84
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 85
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 86
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 87
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 88
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 89
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 90
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 91
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 92
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 93
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 94
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 95
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 96
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 97
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 98
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 99
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 100
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 101
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 102
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 103
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 104
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 105
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 106
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 107
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 108
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 109
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 110
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 111
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 112
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 113
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 114
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 115
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 116
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 117
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 118
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 119
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 120
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 121
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 122
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 123
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 124
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 125
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 133
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 126
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 133
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 127
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 133
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 128
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 133
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 129
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 133
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 130
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 133
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 131
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 134
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 132
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 134
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 133
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 134
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 134
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 134
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 135
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 134
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 136
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 134
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 137
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 135
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 138
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 135
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 139
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 135
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 140
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 135
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 141
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 135
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 142
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 135
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 143
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 136
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 144
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 136
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 145
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 136
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 146
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 136
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 147
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 136
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 148
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 136
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 149
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 137
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 150
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 137
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 151
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 137
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 152
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 137
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 153
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 137
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 154
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 137
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 155
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 138
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 156
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 138
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 157
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 138
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 158
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 138
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 159
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 138
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 160
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 138
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 161
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 139
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 162
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 139
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 163
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 139
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 164
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 139
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 165
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 139
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 166
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 139
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 167
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 140
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 168
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 140
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 169
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 140
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 170
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 140
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 171
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 140
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 172
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 140
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 173
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 141
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 174
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 141
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 175
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 141
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 176
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 141
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 177
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 141
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 178
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 141
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 179
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 142
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 180
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 142
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 181
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 142
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 182
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 142
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 183
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 142
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 184
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 142
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 185
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 143
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 186
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 143
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 187
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 143
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 188
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 143
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 189
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 143
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 190
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 143
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 191
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 144
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 192
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 144
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 193
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 144
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 194
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 144
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 195
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 144
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 196
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 144
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 197
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 145
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 198
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 145
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 199
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 145
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 200
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 145
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 201
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 145
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 202
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 145
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 203
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 146
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 204
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 146
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 205
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 146
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 206
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 146
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 207
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 146
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 208
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 146
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 209
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 147
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 210
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 147
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 211
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 147
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 212
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 147
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 213
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 147
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 214
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 147
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 215
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 148
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 216
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 148
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 217
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 148
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 218
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 148
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 219
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 148
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 220
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 148
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 221
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 149
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 222
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 149
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 223
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 149
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 224
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 149
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 225
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 149
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 226
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 149
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 227
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 150
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 228
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 150
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 229
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 150
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 230
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 150
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 231
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 150
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 232
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 150
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 233
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 151
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 234
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 151
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 235
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 151
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 236
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 151
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 237
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 151
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 238
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 151
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 239
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 152
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 240
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 152
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 241
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 152
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 242
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 152
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 243
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 152
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 244
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 152
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 245
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 153
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 246
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 153
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 247
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 153
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 248
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 153
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 249
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 153
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 250
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 153
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 251
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 154
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 252
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 154
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 253
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 154
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 254
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 154
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 255
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 154
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 256
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 154
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 257
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 155
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 258
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 155
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 259
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 155
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 260
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 155
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 261
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 155
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 262
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 155
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 263
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 156
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 264
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 156
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 265
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 156
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 266
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 156
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 267
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 156
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 268
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 156
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 269
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 157
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 270
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 157
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 271
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 157
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 272
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 157
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 273
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 157
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 274
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 157
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 275
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 158
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 276
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 158
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 277
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 158
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 278
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 158
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 279
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 158
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 280
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 158
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 281
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 159
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 282
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 159
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 283
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 159
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 284
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 159
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 285
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 159
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 286
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 159
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 287
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 160
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 288
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 160
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 289
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 160
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 290
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 160
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 291
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 160
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 292
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 160
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 293
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 161
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 294
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 161
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 295
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 161
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 296
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 161
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 297
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 161
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 298
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 161
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 299
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 162
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 300
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 162
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 301
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 162
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 302
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 162
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 303
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 162
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 304
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 162
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 305
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 163
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 306
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 163
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 307
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 163
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 308
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 163
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 309
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 163
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 310
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 163
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 311
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 164
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 312
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 164
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 313
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 164
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 314
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 164
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 315
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 164
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 316
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 164
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 317
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 165
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 318
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 165
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 319
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 165
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 320
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 165
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 321
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 165
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 322
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 165
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 323
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 166
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 324
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 166
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 325
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 166
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 326
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 166
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 327
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 166
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 328
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 166
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 329
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 167
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 330
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 167
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 331
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 167
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 332
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 167
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 333
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 167
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 334
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 167
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 335
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 168
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 336
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 168
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 337
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 168
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 338
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 168
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 339
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 168
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 340
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 168
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 341
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 169
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 342
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 169
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 343
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 169
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 344
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 169
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 345
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 169
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 346
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 169
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 347
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 170
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 348
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 170
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 349
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 170
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 350
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 170
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 351
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 170
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 352
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 170
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 353
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 171
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 354
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 171
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 355
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 171
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 356
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 171
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 357
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 171
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 358
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 171
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 359
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 172
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 360
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 172
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 361
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 172
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 362
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 172
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 363
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 172
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 364
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 172
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 365
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

end_script
