rebel_type			Illyrioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Illyrioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Pelasgiotai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Thraikes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Elaioutai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Tenedioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Methymnaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Mytilenaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Leleges
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Chrysatai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kebrenioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Dardanioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Argizioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Skepseis
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Arktonnesioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Prokonnesioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Imbrioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Dasseratai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Dasseratai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Parauaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Parauaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Chaones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Chaones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Molossoi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Molossoi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Phaiakes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Phaiakes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Thesprotes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Thesprotes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Akarnanioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Akarnanioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Aitoloi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Aitoloi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Lapithai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Lapithai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Pieres
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pieres
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Pelasgiotai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pelasgiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Magnesioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Magnesioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Thessaloi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Thessaloi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Ainianoi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Ainianoi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Phthiotai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Phthiotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Phokes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Phokes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Histiaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Histiaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Thebaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Thebaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kerinthioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kerinthioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Karystioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Karystioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Athenaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Athenaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Megareis
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Megareis
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Achaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Achaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Eleioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Eleioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Arkades
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Arkades
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Pisatai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pisatai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Triphylioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Triphylioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Tegeatai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Tegeatai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Troizenioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Troizenioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Salaminioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Salaminioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Argeioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Argeioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kynourioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kynourioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Lakones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Lakones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Pylioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pylioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Ithakoi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Ithakoi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Zakynthioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Zakynthioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kytherioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kytherioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Melioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Melioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Delioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Delioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Naxioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Naxioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Andrioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Andrioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Chioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Chioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Samioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Samioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Lesbioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Lesbioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Lemnioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Lemnioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Olynthioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Olynthioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Emathes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Emathes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Elimeotai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Elimeotai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Orestai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Orestai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Lynkestai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Lynkestai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Triballoi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Triballoi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Krestones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Krestones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Bisaltes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Bisaltes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Bessoi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Bessoi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Thasioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Thasioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kikones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kikones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Odrysai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Odrysai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Apsinthes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Apsinthes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Perinthioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Perinthioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Salmydessioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Salmydessioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Byzantioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Byzantioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Paphlagones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Paphlagones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Doliones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Doliones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Bebrykes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Bebrykes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Troes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Troes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Hypoplakes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Hypoplakes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Mysoi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Mysoi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kilikes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kilikes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Teuthranioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Teuthranioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Phrikones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Phrikones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Maiones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Maiones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Iones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Iones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Knidioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Knidioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kaunioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kaunioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Lykioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Lykioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kabalioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kabalioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Pisidai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Pisidai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Ankyraioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Ankyraioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Phryges
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Phryges
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Rhodioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Rhodioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kydoniatai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kydoniatai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Knossioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Knossioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Phaistioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Phaistioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Eteokretai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Eteokretai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Leukadioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Leukadioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Minyai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Minyai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kephallenioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kephallenioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Aiginetai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Aiginetai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Styratai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Styratai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Lokroi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Lokroi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kalydonioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kalydonioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Athamanes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Athamanes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Dolopes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Dolopes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Tymphaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Tymphaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Boiotikoi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Boiotikoi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Eordaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Eordaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Penestai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Penestai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Argestaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Argestaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Mendaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Mendaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Toronaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Toronaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Sintes
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Sintes
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Edones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Edones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Abderitai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Abderitai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kaines
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kaines
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Chersonesioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Chersonesioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Bithynoi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Bithynoi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Mygdones
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Mygdones
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kistheneis
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Kistheneis
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Germeis
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Germeis
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Elaiatai
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Elaiatai
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Prieneis
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Prieneis
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Iasioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Iasioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Kares
category			peasant_revolt
chance				20
description			Kares
unit				Carian Light
unit				Carian Light
unit				Carian Guards

rebel_type			Koioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Koioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Parioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Parioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Imbrioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Imbrioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Oropioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Oropioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Sammonioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Sammonioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Karpathioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0
description			Potidaioi
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Aichmetai Islanders
unit				Aichmetai Islanders

rebel_type			Mykenaioi
category			peasant_revolt
chance				55
description			gladiator_uprising
unit				Aichmetai SWAchaean
unit				Aichmetai SWAchaean
unit				Aichmetai SWAchaean
unit				Aichmetai SWAchaean
unit				Aichmetai SWAchaean
unit				Aichmetai SWAchaean
unit				Xipherai SWAchaean
unit				Xipherai SWAchaean
unit				Xipherai SWAchaean
unit				Akontistai SEAchaean
unit				Toxotai SWAchaean
unit				Toxotai SWAchaean

rebel_type			pirates
category			pirates
chance				40
description			pirates
unit				naval pirate ships