script

declare_show_me				; Used to automatically open the advisor text bubble when advance_advice_thread is called

suspend_during_battle on
suspend_unscripted_advice true

;console_command toggle_perfect_spy

;;;
;;; 6-turns per year script
;;;

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 0
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 1
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 2
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 3
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 4
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 112
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 5
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 6
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 7
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 8
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 9
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 10
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 113
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 11
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 12
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 13
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 14
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 15
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 16
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 114
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 17
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 18
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 19
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 20
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 21
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 22
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 115
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 23
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 24
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 25
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 26
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 27
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 28
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 116
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 29
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 30
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 31
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 32
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 33
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 34
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 117
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 35
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 36
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 37
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 38
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 39
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 40
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 118
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 41
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 42
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 43
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 44
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 45
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 46
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 119
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 47
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 48
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 49
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 50
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 51
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 52
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 120
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 53
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 54
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 55
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 56
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 57
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 58
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 121
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 59
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 60
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 61
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 62
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 63
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 64
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 122
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 65
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 66
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 67
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 68
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 69
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 70
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 123
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 71
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 72
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 73
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 74
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 75
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 76
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 124
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 77
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 78
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 79
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 80
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 81
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 82
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 125
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 83
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 84
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 85
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 86
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 87
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 88
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 126
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 89
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 90
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 91
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 92
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 93
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 94
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 127
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 95
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 96
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 97
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 98
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 99
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 100
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 128
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 101
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 102
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 103
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 104
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 105
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 106
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 129
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 107
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 108
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 109
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 110
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 111
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 112
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 130
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 113
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 114
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 115
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 116
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 117
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 118
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 131
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 119
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 120
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 121
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 122
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 123
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season summer
while I_TurnNumber = 124
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

console_command date 132
console_command season winter
while I_TurnNumber = 125
	suspend_unscripted_advice true
end_while

end_script
