script
;not used

label_unit 0 0 0 general0
label_unit 0 0 1 general1
label_unit 0 0 2 general2
label_unit 0 0 3 general3

label_unit 1 0 0 general4
label_unit 1 0 1 general5
label_unit 1 0 2 general6
label_unit 1 0 3 general7

if I_UnitFormation general0 = horde
reduce_unit_strength general0 1
end_if


if I_UnitFormation general1 = horde
reduce_unit_strength general1 1
end_if


if I_UnitFormation general2 = horde
reduce_unit_strength general2 1
end_if

if I_UnitFormation general3 = horde
reduce_unit_strength general3 1
end_if


if I_UnitFormation general4 = horde
reduce_unit_strength general4 1
end_if


if I_UnitFormation general5 = horde
reduce_unit_strength general5 1
end_if


if I_UnitFormation general6 = horde
reduce_unit_strength general6 1
end_if


if I_UnitFormation general7 = horde
reduce_unit_strength general7 1
end_if

select_ui_element advisor_dismiss_button
simulate_mouse_click lclick_down
simulate_mouse_click lclick_up



end_script